love asks guardian angel
this saint who covered the whole man
his name is different
man turns out two intercessors and
patron for example when we start
canon guardian angel
This is the angel to anyone they capture
swept saint and then you need to read
before the icon his keeper nipple icon
saint why then name-day
He knows more and in the afternoon an angel
I always thought that the patron saint
man's name is his guardian angel
mean they can say it
we have a question here just in time
as the terminology whipped we
actually lost someone understanding of
it was even before the revolution was that
name day that is money as a rule
kristin that is because that day
they gave a name to the child
there is a day for it in general for a day
baptism yes that is what this day
the saint did not fall into such
brewed and gave the name of the person turns
what is a person's spiritual birthday
It turned out three holidays the day of baptism
name day that is saint day
name and guardian angel day
that is, the day an angel of God really
an angel is not a man who became an angel
in the sky ayuna angel who
seems to us from baptism and even
the very birth gets kovalets from god
grace in baptism guide us and
instruct on a good deed and therefore
most likely that all these 3 spiritual
celebrations they united in one
the day that is outside of our holy
namesome days that is the same day
baptism he is also the day of the guardian angel and
then it all began to be called one day
now just imagine us ladies
christie baptized one day holy
us another day guardian angel yet
I don't know at all
why and when is
guardian angel of course are given daily
the baptism of man that is he receives from
god receiving grace lead us to
the kingdom of heaven
and accordingly we still have a day
angel that is exactly our day
saint and so raise you manga
of course we understand first of all the day
whose holy name we bear and in this
day we will certainly remember him as
guardian angel well, so maybe we
we mean our angel's day
keeper somehow read well it sure
you need to keep in mind the day of baptism because
that or let's say the day of the archangel Michael
and all the heavenly forces are disembodied here we are
all congratulate each other happy angel
on this day because it is the day of all
our heavenly patrons that is
angels who protects all of us there
either so or so and the day of the angel
actually this day of our ones
be replaced that is our saint's day
whose name we bear